add lead infra offer (#334)
src-d/guide: talent/job-descriptions/offers/lead-infrastructure.md

Software Engineer in the Infrastructure team
------------------------------------------

### [Location & Seniority](../location-seniority-section.md)

**Compensation:** 58,000 Euros + 0.195% [stock options](https://github.com/src-d/guide/blob/master/talent/esop.md) for senior engineers

### [Company](../company-section.md)

### [Engineering at source{d}](../engineering-section.md)

### Role 

This position is for a Lead Engineer in the Infrastructure team.

The Infrastructure team manages multiple clusters:

> - Pipeline clusters, built on bare metal servers at a hosting provider. It has close to 2000 threads, more than 11TB of RAM and 1PB of storage, and it is backed by CoreOS and Kubernetes. It has two main goals: on the one hand, it stores all the available public code in a distributed filesystem and on the other hand, it runs intensive computation jobs over the stored data on top of Apache Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pipeline clusters, built on bare metal servers at a hosting provider. It has more than 1000 threads, more than 6TB of RAM and 500TB of storage, and it is backed by CoreOS and Kubernetes. It has two main goals: on the one hand, it stores all the available public code in a distributed filesystem and on the other hand, it runs intensive computation jobs over the stored data on top of Apache Spark.
```
